docs: Document player application model (#888)
openrails/openrails: Docs/Architecture.md

> This document will describe the overall structure of Open Rails and how we expect different areas of the program to work together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the overall structure of Open Rails and how we expect different areas of the program to work together.
```
